#46 update README documentation about WebView hide responsibility (#48)
hCaptcha/HCaptcha-ios-sdk: README.md

    })
```

> Important note: the caller's code is responsible for hiding `WebView` after challenge processing. This can be achieved with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: caller code is responsible for hiding the `WebView` after challenge processing. This is illustrated in the Example app, and can be achieved with:
```
